# Password Generator

A Python script that generates password suggestions based on user input. Spice up your password creation process with personalized and secure password suggestions!

## Features

- Generate multiple password suggestions based on user input.
- Customize password length and inclusion of special characters.
- Interactive prompt for user input.
- Robust error handling for missing information.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x

### Installation

Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/password-generator.git

Change to the project directory:
cd password-generator


Run the password_generator.py script using a Python interpreter:
python password_generator.py

Follow the prompts to enter your first name, last name, and birth year.

Enjoy the generated password suggestions tailored to your input!

Examples
Here are some examples of the password suggestions generated by the script:

Example 1:
Password: J@Smith91
Description: Combining the first initial, special character, last name, and birth year.
Example 2:
Password: Smith91!J
Description: Rearranging the last name, birth year, special character, and first initial.

Feel free to experiment with different inputs and explore the various password combinations generated by the script!

Customization
The script allows for further customization, including:

Adjusting the desired password length to suit your requirements.
Choosing whether to include special characters in the generated passwords.
Extending the script to incorporate additional password complexity criteria

Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or ideas for improving the script, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Let's make password generation more fun and secure together!

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
